The present work spans multiple disciplines centered at electronic-system
design. It is tightly related to simulation techniques; however, as it will
become clear in the following sections, what we do is synthesis, not simulation.

For our purposes, it is sufficient to distinguish three types of simulators:
performance, power, and temperature. The subjects of the last two are apparent,
and \emph{performance} refers (in the scope of this paper) to everything that is
prior to power, which is essentially performance counters as functions of time,
including the numbers of instructions and read/write memory accesses.

A performance simulator that we would like to highlight is Sniper
\cite{carlson2011}. Sniper is aimed at x86-based systems, and it has been
validated against Intel Core 2 and Nehalem architectures. The simulator has a
higher level of abstraction than the one of traditional cycle-accurate
simulators, which makes its simulation times more affordable in practice.
Regarding power simulation, a common choice is \sc{McPAT} \cite{li2009}.
\sc{McPAT} is also capable of estimating the areas occupied by processing
elements, which is handy as this information is essential for the subsequent
temperature simulation. Temperature simulation is arguably dominated by the
long-lived HotSpot \cite{skadron2004}. A popular alternative is \sc{3D-ICE}
\cite{sridhar2010}, which is more focused on modeling \sc{3D} structures and
features liquid cooling systems.

The pipeline assembled from the aforementioned simulators is the one frequently
used in research as the components are the state-of-the-art. However, the
pipeline is stiff and slow for machine-learning purposes. Among the three
simulation stages, by far the most time consuming part is performance
simulation. Temperature simulation, on the other hand, is negligible compared to
the other two, based on our experience.

Lastly, we emphasize that the need for a systematic assistance in obtaining data
for learning-based research studies, which is the goal of this work, is
prominent in the literature. For instance, the study in \cite{lu2015} proposes a
temperature-aware task-allocation strategy based on reinforcement learning,
which is a machine-learning technique. The authors of that work had to invest
time in developing a custom simulation platform (still based on the
above-mentioned simulators) in order to experiment with their approach. From our
perspective, such supplementary work should be streamlined.
