\input{include/assets/tables/streaming}
Let us turn to the Streaming tool, which corresponds to the data-synthesis stage
of the methodology (see \fref{methodology}). Streamer was introduced in
\sref{streamer} and is depicted in \fref{streamer}. Our objective in this
subsection is to study the scalability of the tool as measured by synthesis
time, which is the time that is needed for the tool to synthesize power and
temperature profiles under certain conditions or requirements.

Before we proceed, let us reiterate that, as far as Streamer is concerned, the
expense of performance and power simulation is essentially zero as the tool
works with precomputed power data (power patterns). The most time-consuming part
of Streamer is temperature simulation, which is actually negligibly small (see
below) compared to the timing shown in \tref{recording}.

The preformed experiments are consolidated in \tref{streaming}. We report
synthesis time along two dimensions: synthesized time (rows) and platform size
(columns). The former is analogous to simulated time, and the latter represents
different platforms as follows. Each considered platform is composed of a number
of cores, and there is an L3 cache for every four cores; both cores and caches
are referred to as processing elements. Platform size is then defined as the
number of processing elements, and it is denoted by ``$M + N$'' in
\tref{streaming} where $M$ and $N$ are the numbers of cores and caches,
respectively.\footnote{The specifications of the considered platforms are a part
of our supplementary materials available along with the toolchain at
\cite{sources}.}

Unlike the throughput of simulation (discussed in the previous subsection), the
throughput of synthesis is very high, which is well supported by
\tref{streaming}. For instance, it takes Streamer around a minute to produce
power and temperature data that are worth around 17 minutes of runtime of a
platform with 16 cores, which would be practically infeasible to achieve with
full-fledged simulations (refer to \tref{recording}).

The synthesis time displayed in \tref{streaming} scales linearly with respect to
the length of the time span being synthesized (synthesized time), and a similar
observation can be made with respect to platform size. The growth with respect
to platform size is due to the increasing complexity of the underlaying thermal
\sc{RC} circuit used for temperature simulation; thermal circuits were
elaborated on in \sref{streamer}.
